###Name of students: Yerhan Aheti, Dias Berlibek, Abay Balguzhinov from SE2008 Group 野狼
In this project were used: Strategy, Decorator, Abstract Factory, Bridge, Adapter, Observer design patterns. 
The idea of our project is a canteen system. You can buy food and pay in cash or by scanning the QR code.
- Strategy pattern - this section is responsible for customer's action behavior. For example, there are actions ORDER and PAY which are concrete classes all extend abstract class PEOPLE. Also there is a 'CustomerBehaviour' interface implements by abstract class 'People'. This pattern is used with the Adapter pattern and Abstract Factory.
- Observer pattern - we use this pattern to notify the client that the order is ready. We have two interfaces Observable and Observer. There are also two concrete classes: Subscriber, which implements the Observer interface, and the Reception class, which implements the Observable interface. When ordering, the customer subscribes to the notification using the addSubscriber method. After receiving a notification from the notifySubscriber method, this client unsubscribes using the removeSubscriber method.
- Decorator pattern - we use this pattern in conjunction with the Abstract Factory pattern. When buying a dish, bread will always go with this dish. We have a Dish interface implemented using the Bread class and the toppingDecorator abstract decorator class. The abstract toppingDecorator class has been extended with additional classes: Beef, Fries, and Sauce. When displayed, the console will show the price and dishes you have selected.
- Abstract factory pattern - this is the most important part, since it produce the meals. First of all we have BreakfastUnit and LunchUnit interferes inside ChefUnitFactory interface. Then there is FastFoodFactory concrete class implements ChefUnitFactory interface, then create new Breakfast or Lunch objects. So there are Breakfast and Lunch classes are needed, those classes are calling methods from decorator and bridge pattern for make a meal.
- Bridge pattern - this pattern is also used in conjunction with AbstractFactory. Here we can select the type of drink and properties. Beverages are classified into several types, such as water and juice, and several properties, such as with soda and without soda. First of all, we created the DrinkAPI interface. It has a desc method and a cost method. This method can be used with a favorite kind of drink, after some changes specific to that kind, and used in the future with the abstract class Drink. There are two classes of WithoutSoda, WithSoda drink types, which are implemented from the DrinkAPI interface. Next, we have an abstract Drink class. It contains a reference to the DrinkAPI type and has abstract methods desc (), cost (). Then we created two subclasses of two types of drinks Juice, Water And now we can choose any kind of drink with any property. For example, water without soda, etc. This pattern is used with the Abstract Factory.
- Adapter pattern - this is pattern for payment by choosing QR or Cash. There are concrete classes Cash, QR and QRAdapter, this Adapter class implements PaymentMethod interface. Then those payment methods connect with Pay class which is customer behavior in strategy pattern.